---
title: "Welcome to the Vanilla JS Academy"
date: 2018-04-23T00:00:00-05:00
draft: false
section: "Getting Started"
sourceCode: ""
noTitle: false
weight: 01
---

<iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/266326608?color=0088cc&title=0&byline=0&portrait=0" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe>

Welcome to the Vanilla JS Academy. I'm so excited to have you onboard!

One of the biggest challenges in learning JavaScript that I hear from students is that they struggle to *think* in JavaScript. You can learn about the different JavaScript methods and browser APIs, but to be a successful developer, you need to know *when* and *how* to use them.

My one big goal with the Vanilla JS Academy is to teach you to think in JavaScript.

You won't go from beginner to senior developer in just six weeks, but I want you to be able to approach any JavaScript problem that's thrown at you feeling confident that you can solve it.

That doesn't mean you'll have all the answers or know everything. Even the most seasoned developers aren't that good. Instead, I want you to feel like you have the skills to *find answers* and *create solutions* to interesting challenges.

## You're going to work on a lot of cool projects.

Each week, you'll get two new projects to work on.

You'll write plugins, create games, and build apps. You'll work with APIs. You'll make things that are fun and useful and really interesting.

Each set of projects comes with a handful of lessons that provide some background that will help you get started. I'll also be there to help you when you get stuck. But I don't give you the answers or tell you how it's done.

This program is for people who are *serious* about learning JavaScript. The more you put into it, the more you’ll get out of it.

## You're also going to meet new people.

Over the next six weeks, you're going to learn JavaScript with a small group of other students.

I hold weekly office hours where you can ask questions, share work in progress, and get help with any big roadblocks.

You also have access to a private Slack channel where you can collaborate with your fellow students, share what you're learning, and ask questions in between office hours.

## Get ready to think in JavaScript.

You're going to learn a lot over the six weeks the Vanilla JS Academy runs.

You're going to get stuck, get frustrated, and push through and feel amazing. You're going to work hard. You're going to build amazing things.

You're going to become a better web developer.

I'm excited to be part of this journey with you.